[DX-1942] Dashboard Release Notes 5.8.1 (#6289)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/developer-support/release-notes/dashboard.md

#### Changelog {#Changelog-v5.8.1}
##### Fixed

<ul>
<li>
<details>
<summary>License allocation now works across multiple dashboards</summary>

Fixed an issue where the Dashboard might not allow the correct number of Gateways to connect. This was due to a conflict with license management in deployments with multiple Dashboards which has now been resolved.
</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>
<summary>SSO Login No Longer Overwrites Admin Permissions</summary>

Fixed an issue where existing admin users had their permissions overwritten by SSO group settings during login. Admin users now retain their original permissions when sso_enable_user_lookup is enabled. Group permissions are only applied to new or non-admin users.
</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Fixed API creation from pasted YAML definitions</summary>

Fixed an issue that prevented creation of an API from a YAML format Tyk OAS API definitions using the "paste API definition" method. You can now export your Tyk OAS API definition in YAML or JSON format and use the content of this file to create a new API.
</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Fixed broken cancel button in API promotion flow</summary>

> Fixed an issue when using API Designer to migrate an API from Tyk Classic to Tyk OAS. Previously the cancel button did not work when promoting a staged API; this how now been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue when using API Designer to migrate an API from Tyk Classic to Tyk OAS. Previously the cancel button did not work in the pop-up when promoting a staged API.
```

</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>

> <summary>Fixed import issue for Tyk OAS ZIPs with YAML entrypoints</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>Multi-part OpenAPI descriptions in YAML format can now be imported</summary>
```

> Resolved a bug that blocked multipart OAS ZIP imports when using a YAML file as the entrypoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue that prevented import of multi-part OpenAPI descriptions in YAML format.
```

## 5.8 Release Notes

### 5.8.1 Release Notes

> #### Release Date XXX

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Release Date 9 May 2025
```

</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Fixed API creation from pasted YAML definitions</summary>

Fixed an issue that prevented creation of an API from a YAML format Tyk OAS API definitions using the "paste API definition" method. You can now export your Tyk OAS API definition in YAML or JSON format and use the content of this file to create a new API.
</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Fixed broken cancel button in API promotion flow</summary>

Fixed an issue when using API Designer to migrate an API from Tyk Classic to Tyk OAS. Previously the cancel button did not work when promoting a staged API; this how now been fixed.
</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Replaced crypto.randomUUID() to fix UI errors</summary>

Replaced calls to crypto.randomUUID() which caused errors in the UI.
</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Fixed import issue for Tyk OAS ZIPs with YAML entrypoints</summary>

Resolved a bug that blocked multipart OAS ZIP imports when using a YAML file as the entrypoint.
</details>
</li>
</ul>

> #### Security Fixes 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Security Fixes 
```
